Systems with apparently no experimental data:

NaCl–UCl3: MSTDB-TC paper references Benes and Konings (2008) "Thermodynamic evaluation of the NaCl–MgCl2–UCl3–PuCl3 system". For the NaCl–UCl3 system, it points to a report "Fast Reactors Using Molten Chloride Salts as Fuel" for the only datapoint, which is a eutectic transition. However, while this report does contain the cited value, there is no evidence that any experiments were completed to determine it.

LaF3–PuF3: MSTDB-TC paper references Benes and Konings (2008) "Actinide burner fuel: Potential compositions based on the thermodynamic evaluation of MF–PuF3 (M = Li, Na, K, Rb, Cs) and LaF3–PuF3 systems". From this paper: "The other four binary phase diagrams (KF–PuF3, RbF–PuF3, CsF–PuF3 and LaF3–PuF3) presented in this study have been estimated based on the data from the proxy systems containing LaF3 [3,4]." References 3 and 4 are for LiF–NaF–RbF–LaF3 and MF–LaF3 (M=Li, Na, K, Rb, Cs) systems.

LiF-PuF3-UF4: MSTDB-TC references Capelli, Beneš, and Konings (2015) "Thermodynamic assessment of the LiF–ThF4–PuF3–UF4 system". LiF-PuF3-UF4 is absent from the experimental reference Table 3. No experimental data points are plotted in figures either. The descriptions of the experimental references make no mention of this subsystem. Possibly fit entirely by using other systems as analogs.

LiCl-KCl-AlCl3: Only two references are available: Moore (1963) "Immiscibility Gap in the System: LiCl-KCl-AlCl3", which is entirely about immiscibility of the liquid (MSCL), and Lantelme, Alexopoulos, Chemla and Haas (1988) "Thermodynamic properties of aluminum chloride solutions in the molten LiCl-KCl system" which includes EMF data. The MSTDB-TC doesn't include a miscibility gap in the database as distributed, so the first test source cannot be used. No EMF test mode has been developed yet.

LiF-NdF3: Only cited reference is Thoma (1965) report "Rare-Earth Halides" which contains a sketch of a phase diagram, but no values or experimental references.

